Hello, we’ve reviewed our app and account and gone through the developer policies and we’ve not violated any of the policies in our app. We also acknowledge we have a team of several users and maybe one might have related to a previously terminated account which we were not aware of. We have taken control of users who have access to our application code and development and would like to request your consideration on the action taken against our account.

Mwepesi Ajenda Nne (MAN-PPO) is a cutting-edge project management platform designed to transform the export market for locally produced products and foods in Kenya, by bringing together Project Owners, Sponsors, Agents, Suppliers, and Professionals in a single ecosystem.

MAN-PPO aims to create a collaborative environment that facilitates successful export ventures. The platform leverages the power of digital technology to monitor food crops from the farm to post-harvest, guaranteeing quality assurance and instilling confidence in consumers.

Through advanced tracking tools and data-driven insights, MAN-PPO ensures that every step of the supply chain meets stringent standards, from cultivation and harvesting to packaging and distribution.

Our products are remarkable and carefully developed to meet diverse needs and exceed the expectations of our customers.

Below are our products and services offered on our app: 1. Access to the African Diaspora Market (ADM)
MAN-PPO provides a gateway to the diverse and growing market in Africa, connecting entrepreneurs with potential customers and business opportunities across the globe.

2. Access to Financing Opportunities
The platform provides access to financing opportunities, connecting entrepreneurs with potential investors, sponsors, and funding agencies, thereby facilitating project funding and ensuring financial viability.

3. Access to Professional Services
The platform offers access to a wide range of professional stakeholders, assess project services to ensure that project owners have the necessary expertise a t their disposal.

4. Survey/Polling Systems
MAN-PPO incorporates survey and polling systems to enable project owners to collect feedback from stakeholders, assess project performance, and make informed decisions based on data-driven insights.

5. Project Management Tools
The platform offers a suite of project management tools to effectively plan, track, and manage projects.

6. Training & Support
The platform provides training resources, tutorials, and dedicated support to help project owners maximize the platform's capabilities and achieve project success.

Here is a link to our official website: https://mwepesiajendanne.com/ as well as our iOS application for iOS users: https://apps.apple.com/app/m-a-n-ppo/id6449708971

We would humbly request for your consideration in reactivating our playstore account and help us reach our android user base and serve them without affecting their services please.

We’ll continue to improve on our standards and policies to stay up-to date with the developer policies. 

Kind regards
